feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-added-messaging-and-queuing-metrics 2023-09-21 (#2174)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2023/2023-09-21-messaging-and-queuing-added-messaging-and-queuing-metrics.mdx

---

> title: Messaging and Queuing metrics available in Cockpit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Messaging & Queuing metrics available in Cockpit
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #messaging-queuing-beta channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-09-21
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

>  Cockpit integration is available for SQS, NATS & SNS. Refer to our [product documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/how-to/monitor-mnq-cockpit/) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Cockpit integration is available for SQS, NATS & SNS. Refer to our [product documentation](/serverless/messaging/how-to/monitor-mnq-cockpit/) to find out how to monitor your Messaging and queuing metrics.
```
